 db.places.insert({"name":"Thiruvananthapuram","local":"nothing","desc":"Located near the southern tip of mainland India, Thiruvananthapuram (formerly and often still known as Trivandrum) is the capital city of Kerala in Southern India. The city is shares the same name with its district, Thiruvananthapuram, which is one of the 14 districts of Kerala. Referred to by Mahatma Gandhi as the  Evergreen city of India  the city is characterized by its undulating terrain of low coastal hills and busy commercial alleys.Thiruvananthapuram is built on hills by the sea shore and sandwiched between the Western Ghats and the Arabian Sea, Thiruvananthapuram is ranked first in the number of foreign tourists visiting Kerala and is a fascinating destination for holidaymakers.",
 "safty":"Be careful when crossing busy roads."})

db.places.insert({"name":"Hyderabad","local":"nothing","desc":"Hyderabad is the capital of Telangana in Southern India, located on the banks of the Musi River and on the Deccan Plateau. Hyderabad and Secunderabad are twin cities near Hussain Sagar Lake (also known as Tank Bund in local parlance) but both cities have grown so much that now they have become one big metropolis. The city and district of Hyderabad are coterminous. Hyderabad district is entirely contained within the Ranga Reddy district of Telangana. Many of the suburbs of Hyderabad were recently merged into the city, now called Greater Hyderabad.A city rich with history and tradition, Hyderabad now competes with Bangalore and Chennai for the crown of India's IT capital; Microsoft and Google have their India headquarters here","safty":"In 2007 and 2008, Hyderabad has suffered from multiple terrorist outrages in the form of bombings. These blasts have taken place at Mecca Masjid, Lumbini park and at Kothi, places often frequented by travellers. Though the chance that you will be in danger is quite low, you should obviously make your own risk assessment. Rather than physical danger, it is more likely that the intrusive security will dampen your enjoyment of your Hyderabad vacation. Every shopping mall, theatre and palace has metal detectors and security guards patting you down.The old city area was historically known as a communally sensitive zone and a venue for religious riots between Hindus and Muslims. It was common for the police to impose a curfew in that area while the rest of the city went about life without any problems. Old city continues to be at the heart of Hyderabad's crime wave and though many tourist attractions including Charminar are in this area, it is best to avoid late night visits.Recently riots have been on the rise due to the Telangana Issue as there is a reborn old movement to make Hyderabad and the surrounding areas their own separate state,Telangana, independent of Andhra Pradesh. Many alerts have been sent to travelers from various embassies including the American Embassy. But now since the new state has been carved out, it won't be a problem for tourists. However, it would be safe not to discuss this topic with anyone and inflicting your opinion on locals which may shake up things and may be opposed.Outside of these, Hyderabad is a rather safe metropolis. Muggings and violent crime are uncommon, most crime involves thefts. Avoid staying out late at night, especially if you are a woman.The usual tourist-oriented scams in India are not as bad in Hyderabad as they are in other places. However, foreigners will be hounded for money at tourist sites like the old city. Just ignore the beggars and they will go away.Recently chain snatching have become common in the city. One has to be watchful while going into crowded areas.Should tourists run into any kind of problem they should immediately contact police at 100 or 108. The police personnel are extremely helpful and for foreign tourists it is even better. One should bear in mind that even traffic police in city are extremely helpful, though they are known for corruption. Traffic police can be found nearly at all major junctions and can be more effective than 108."})

db.places.insert({"name":"Delhi","local":"Hello~namastē|See you later~phir milēṅgē|How are you?~āp kaisē/kaisī haĩ?|I am fine~maĩ ṭhīk hū̃|What is your name?~ āpkā nām kyā hai?|My name is ___ .~ mērā nām ___ hai.|Nice to meet you~ āpsē milkar bahut k͟hūśī huī|Yes~ hā̃|No~ nahī̃|Do you speak English?~ āpko aṅgrēzī ātī hai?|I don't speak Hindi.~ mujhē hindī nahī̃ maalum|I don't understand.~ samjhī nahī̃|How do you say ...?~ ... kaisē kahatē haĩ?|I'm from ...~ maĩ ... sē hū̃|Please~ kṛpyā|Thank you~ dhanyavād|Excuse me~ suniyē|I'm sorry~ māf kījiyē","desc":"Delhi is India's capital city and the home of executive, legislative, and judiciary branches of the Government of India. Delhi is a large metropolis with strengths in arts, commerce, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media, professional services, research and development, tourism and transport all contributing to its prominence","safty":"Many first time travellers to India find themselves falling victim to scams and touts, and unfortunately Delhi has a lot of both. Be on guard for anybody trying to help you by giving you unsolicited directions or travel advice. Do not believe the advice of taxi and auto drivers. If this is your first time to India, do not openly admit it, as this will make you more vulnerable to touts.If you are arriving into Delhi at night either stay in the airport lounge or well lit areas until daybreak. Women should avoid walking around alone in the night or hiring cabs alone. Radio taxis are a safer option. Dress conservatively. Don't be afraid to raise your voice or shout, if harassed.Carry your cash, passport, and cards in a secure money belt, with only enough cash for a few hours at a time in your wallet or other accessible place. Some travelers recommend carrying an expendable wallet with a few ten rupee notes in it in an obvious place such as your hip pocket as a decoy to Delhi's ubiquitous pickpockets.All but one tourist agency is a scam, Government 'approved' or not. Very hefty extra charges hidden as commissions and processing fees are the least that will happen. Two notorious agencies are 'India tourism voyages' and 'shukla enterprises'. Head to the ONLY official government ran agency on Janpath and Connaught Lane. There are many fake ones around here too so make sure you have the right one. The best way to secure train tickets is to queue on the second story of New Delhi train station where there is a desk for tourists. You can also navigate through the Indian Railways Website [144]. Also, you should book you flight tickets online as all the airlines have online booking system. Otherwise, prepare to spend a good hour sorting through the charges that the tourist agency will charge.."})


 db.places.insert({"name":"Goa","local":"nothing","desc":"Goa, a state on India's West coast, is a former Portuguese colony with a rich history. Spread over 3,700 square kilometres with a population of approximately 1.4 million, Goa is small by Indian standards. It has a unique mix of Indian and Portuguese cultures and architecture that attracts an estimated 2.5 million visitors each year (including about 400,000 foreign tourists).Since the 1960s, Goa has been attracting a steady flow of visitors -- first the hippies and returning expatriate Goans, then the charter tourists (starting with the Germans in 1987), pilgrims visiting Catholic and Hindu shrines, those opting to settle in Goa as their home, people going for medical treatment, and a growing number of those who attend seminars and conferences in Goa","safty":"Goa is an ideal holiday destination for travelers, but tourists should bear in mind that India has its own set of safety issues.Be careful, when alone, on beaches at night.Do not accept un-bottled drinks from strangers under any circumstances.Do not accept rides from strangers, locals or foreigners, especially at night.Be careful when wading at the beach as undertow riptide currents can be strong in certain beaches. Avoid the mouths of all rivers (such as the Mandovi River at Miramar), especially at low tide when the flow of the water current out to sea is the strongest. And just don't get into the water at all in the off season. The safe swimming period in Goa is November to early May.Avoid contact with unprocessed cashew nuts as they contain an irritant ('urusiol') also present in poison ivy. The cashew apple is edible when ripe.Goans are very friendly and helpful; should you have any problems, talk immediately to the nearest Goan shop, restaurant or bystander and ask for help.Travel guides can be expensive and have been known to dupe foreign visitors. Beware of guides offering to take you to a disco with lots of attractive girls, who will dance with you. This is a scam to cheat you of your money.Befriend a decent taxi driver and agree on regular business.Temperatures in winter and summer can be extreme, so do not forget sunscreen.Beware of any scam that offers a free ride in return for a prize. The prize will suck guaranteed.Also, beware the 'ear doctors', who are more likely to accost men than women and 'produce' some tiny revolting creature, supposedly from your ear, for which they then offer a 'cure' (It is, however, humorous to read the cards they print up promoting themselves).While travelling by train, beware of pickpockets, strangers who offer you snacks or tea, and other such people who make trains in India a regular hunting ground.{Please make sure not to take off your precious footwear(In non a/c coaches), or you might not have anything to wear next morning. The same goes with all your valuables}to check out the details yourself on the Indian Railways website [18]. Also, you can book your railway ticket online on [19]. But you will have register first.People travelling by car do ensure to carry all vehicle documents and driving licence because most of the police constables in goa are corrupt and will harass you to shell out exhorbitant amount , never pay bribe always go the legal way go to the police station. Pollution under control certificate is must and is issued in every 3 months you may contact nearest petrol pump to get it re-issued"})

 

